===================================================

total difference is: 57
comparing document: BILLS-109hr5337ih.xml
to document: BILLS-109hr5337rh.xml

===================================================
We are at location: bill[1]/@bill-stage   Compared with location: bill[1]/@bill-stage
The reason of change is: attribute value
The value is expected to be: Introduced-in-House But actually it is: Reported-in-House

We are at location: bill[1]/metadata[1]/dublinCore[1]/title[1]/text()[1]   Compared with location: bill[1]/metadata[1]/dublinCore[1]/title[1]/text()[1]
The reason of change is: content change
The value is expected to be: 109 HR 5337 IH: To ensure nati... But actually it is: 109 HR 5337 RH: Reform of Nati...
The Jaccard Index is: 0.24
And the Smith Waterman Score is: 0.27
The Detailes are shown as followings: 
common words: 109 HR 5337 
insertion: 
deletion: 
change: IH To ensure national security while promoting foreign to RH Reform of National Security Reviews of Foreign Direct Investments Act 

We are at location: bill[1]/metadata[1]/dublinCore[1]/date[1]/text()[1]   Compared with location: bill[1]/metadata[1]/dublinCore[1]/date[1]/text()[1]
The reason of change is: content change
The value is expected to be: 2006-05-10 But actually it is: 2006-07-19
The Jaccard Index is: 0.33
And the Smith Waterman Score is:  
The Detailes are shown as followings: 
common words: 
insertion: 
deletion: 
change: 

We are at location: bill[1]/form[1]/distribution-code[1]/text()[1]   Compared with location: bill[1]/form[1]/distribution-code[1]/text()[1]
The reason of change is: content change
The value is expected to be: I But actually it is: IB
The Jaccard Index is:  
And the Smith Waterman Score is:  
The Detailes are shown as followings: 
Similarity score is too low here. It's probably because of a position shift

We are at location: bill[1]/form[1]/action[1]/action-desc[1]/text()[1]   Compared with location: bill[1]/form[1]/action[1]/action-desc[1]/text()[1]
The reason of change is: content change
The value is expected to be:  (for			 himself,  But actually it is:  (for himself, 
The Jaccard Index is: 1.0
And the Smith Waterman Score is: 0.33
The Detailes are shown as followings: 
common words: 
insertion: 
deletion: 
change: for			 himself to for himself 

We are at location: bill[1]/form[1]/action[1]/action-desc[1]/cosponsor[15]/text()[1]   Compared with location: bill[1]/form[1]/action[1]/action-desc[1]/cosponsor[15]/text()[1]
The reason of change is: content change
The value is expected to be: Mr.			 Foley But actually it is: Mr. Foley
The Jaccard Index is: 1.0
And the Smith Waterman Score is: 0.5
The Detailes are shown as followings: 
common words: Mr			 Foley 
insertion: 
deletion: 
change: 

We are at location: bill[1]/form[1]/action[1]/action-desc[1]/text()[23]   Compared with location: bill[1]/form[1]/action[1]/action-desc[1]/text()[23]
The reason of change is: content change
The value is expected to be: ) introduced the following			 ... But actually it is: ) introduced the following bil...
The Jaccard Index is: 1.0
And the Smith Waterman Score is: 0.8
The Detailes are shown as followings: 
common words:  introduced the bill which was referred to the 
insertion: 
deletion: 
change: following			 to following / 

We are at location: bill[1]/form[1]/action[1]/action-desc[1]/committee-name[1]/text()[1]   Compared with location: bill[1]/form[1]/action[1]/action-desc[1]/committee-name[1]/text()[1]
The reason of change is: content change
The value is expected to be: Committee			 on Financial Serv... But actually it is: Committee on Financial Service...
The Jaccard Index is: 1.0
And the Smith Waterman Score is: 0.75
The Detailes are shown as followings: 
common words: Committee			 on Financial Services 
insertion: 
deletion: 
change: 

We are at location: bill[1]/form[1]/action[1]/action-desc[1]/text()[26]   Compared with location: bill[1]/form[1]/action[1]/action-desc[1]/text()[26]
The reason of change is: content change
The value is expected to be: ,			 for a period to be subseq... But actually it is: , for a period to be subsequen...
The Jaccard Index is: 1.0
And the Smith Waterman Score is: 0.82
The Detailes are shown as followings: 
common words: 			 for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker in each case consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of committee concerned 
insertion: 
deletion: 
change: for			 to for / the			 to the / 

We are at location: bill[1]/form[1]/official-title[1]/text()[1]   Compared with location: bill[1]/form[1]/official-title[1]/text()[1]
The reason of change is: content change
The value is expected to be: To ensure national security wh... But actually it is: To ensure national security wh...
The Jaccard Index is: 1.0
And the Smith Waterman Score is: 0.76
The Detailes are shown as followings: 
common words: To ensure national security while promoting /investment and the creation and maintenance of jobs to reform the process /which such investments are examined for any effect they may have on /security to establish the Committee on Foreign Investment in the /States and for other purposes 
insertion: 
deletion: promoting process on the 
change:  to foreign /  to by /  to national /  to United / 

We are at location: null   Compared with location: bill[1]/form[1]/calendar[1]
The reason of change is: insertion
The value is expected to be: null But actually it is: calendar
 Inserted paragraph content is: {"Union Calendar No. 329"}

We are at location: null   Compared with location: bill[1]/form[1]/associated-doc[1]
The reason of change is: insertion
The value is expected to be: null But actually it is: associated-doc
 Inserted paragraph content is: {"[Report No. 109-523, Parts I and II]"}

We are at location: null   Compared with location: bill[1]/form[1]/action[2]
The reason of change is: insertion
The value is expected to be: null But actually it is: action
 Inserted paragraph content is: {" 
June 22, 2006 
Reported from the Committee on Financial Services with an amendment 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert the part printed in italic 
"}

We are at location: null   Compared with location: bill[1]/form[1]/action[3]
The reason of change is: insertion
The value is expected to be: null But actually it is: action
 Inserted paragraph content is: {" 
June 22, 2006 
Referral to Committees on  International Relations and Energy and Commerce extended for a period ending not later than July 17, 2006 
"}

We are at location: null   Compared with location: bill[1]/form[1]/action[4]
The reason of change is: insertion
The value is expected to be: null But actually it is: action
 Inserted paragraph content is: {" 
July 17, 2006 
Additional sponsors: Mr. Camp of Michigan, Mr. Clay, Mr. Ford, Mr. Meeks of New York, Mr. Moore of Kansas, Ms. Ros-Lehtinen, Mr. Scott of Georgia, Mr. Sessions, Mr. Stearns, Mr. Wamp, Mr. Davis of Alabama, Ms. Hooley, Ms. Bean, Mr. Coble, Mr. Feeney, Mr. Leach, Mr. Matheson, Ms. Carson, Mr. English of Pennsylvania, Mr. Israel, Ms. Moore of Wisconsin, Mr. Shuster , Mr. Campbell of California, Mr. Owens,Mr. McHenry, Mr. Rangel, Mr. Tiahrt, Mr. Tiberi, Ms. Velázquez, Mr. Watt, Mrs. Cubin, Mr. Hastings of Florida, Mr. Hinojosa, Mr. Al Green of Texas, Mr. Garrett of New Jersey, Mr. Reichert, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Mr. Bishop of New York, Mr. Cleaver, Mr. Gutierrez, Ms. Lee, Mr. Meek of Florida, Mr. Lucas, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Miller of North Carolina, Mr. Gillmor, Mr. Price of Georgia, Mr. LaTourette, Mr. Gene Green of Texas, Ms. Harman, Mr. Pearce, Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Mr. Baca, Mrs. McCarthy, Mr. Cummings, Mr. Gary G. Miller of California, Mr. Bradley of New Hampshire, Mr. Van Hollen, Mr. Towns, Mr. Kuhl of New York, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Melancon, Mr. Murphy, Mr. Nunes, and Mr. Terry 
"}

We are at location: null   Compared with location: bill[1]/form[1]/action[5]
The reason of change is: insertion
The value is expected to be: null But actually it is: action
 Inserted paragraph content is: {" 
July 17, 2006 
Reported from the Committee on  Energy and Commerce with an amendment 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert the part printed in italic 
"}

We are at location: null   Compared with location: bill[1]/form[1]/action[6]
The reason of change is: insertion
The value is expected to be: null But actually it is: action
 Inserted paragraph content is: {" 
July 17, 2006 
 Committee on International Relations discharged; committed to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed 
For text of introduced bill, see copy of bill as introduced on May 10, 2006 
"}

We are at location: null   Compared with location: bill[1]/form[1]/action[7]
The reason of change is: insertion
The value is expected to be: null But actually it is: action
 Inserted paragraph content is: {" 
July 19, 2006 
Reported from the Committee on Energy and Commerce 
"}

We are at location: bill[1]/legis-body[1]/section[1]   Compared with location: null
The reason of change is: deletion
The value is expected to be: section But actually it is: null
 Deleted paragraph content is: {"1.Short titleThis Act may be cited as the Reform
			 of National Security Reviews of Foreign Direct Investments Act.
		"}

We are at location: bill[1]/legis-body[1]/section[2]   Compared with location: null
The reason of change is: deletion
The value is expected to be: section But actually it is: null
 Deleted paragraph content is: {"2.
			 United States security improvement amendments; clarification of review and
			 investigation processSection
			 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended by
			 striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following new
			 subsections:
			
				(a)DefinitionsFor
				purposes of this section, the following definitions shall apply:
					(1)CommitteeThe term Committee means the
				Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States.
					(2)ControlThe term control has the
				meaning given to such term in regulations which the Committee shall
				prescribe.
					(3)Covered
				transactionThe term
				covered transaction means any merger, acquisition, or takeover
				by or with any foreign person which could result in foreign control of any
				person engaged in interstate commerce in the United States.
					(4)Foreign
				government-controlled transactionThe term foreign
				government-controlled transaction means any covered transaction that
				could result in the control of any person engaged in interstate commerce in the
				United States by a foreign government or an entity controlled by or acting on
				behalf of a foreign government.
					(5)ClarificationThe term national security
				shall be construed so as to include those issues relating to “homeland
				security,” including its application to critical infrastructure (as defined in
				the Homeland Security Act of 2002).
					(b)National
				security reviews and investigations
					(1)National
				security reviews
						(A)In
				generalUpon receiving
				written notification under subparagraph (C) of any covered transaction, or on a
				motion made under subparagraph (D) with respect to any covered transaction, the
				President, acting through the Committee, shall review the covered transaction
				to determine whether the transaction threatens to impair the national security
				of the United States and whether such threat can be mitigated.
						(B)Control by
				foreign governmentIf the
				Committee determines that the covered transaction is a foreign
				government-controlled transaction, the Committee shall conduct an investigation
				of the transaction under paragraph (2).
						(C)Written
				notice
							(i)In
				generalAny party to any covered transaction may initiate a
				review of the transaction under this paragraph by submitting a written notice
				of the transaction to the Chairperson of the Committee.
							(ii)Withdrawal of
				noticeNo covered transaction
				for which a notice was submitted under clause (i) may be withdrawn from review
				unless—
								(I)a written request
				for such withdrawal is submitted by any party to the transaction; and
								(II)the request is approved in writing by the
				Chairperson, in consultation with the Vice Chairperson, of the
				Committee.
								(D)Unilateral
				initiation of reviewThe President, the Committee, or any member
				of the Committee may move to initiate a review under subparagraph (A)
				of—
							(i)any covered transaction;
							(ii)any covered transaction that has previously
				been reviewed or investigated under this section, if any party to the
				transaction submitted false or misleading material information to the Committee
				in connection with the review or investigation or omitted material information,
				including material documents, from information submitted to the Committee;
				or
							(iii)any covered transaction that has previously
				been reviewed or investigated under this section, if any party to the
				transaction or the entity resulting from consummation of the transaction
				intentionally materially breaches a mitigation agreement or condition described
				in subsection (l)(1)(A), and—
								(I)such breach is certified by the lead
				department or agency monitoring and enforcing such agreement or condition as an
				intentional material breach; and
								(II)such department
				or agency certifies that there is no other remedy or enforcement tool available
				to address such breach.
								(E)TimingAny
				review under this paragraph shall be completed before the end of the 30-day
				period beginning on the date of the receipt of written notice under
				subparagraph (C) by the Chairperson of the Committee, or the date of the
				initiation of the review in accordance with a motion under subparagraph
				(D).
						(2)National
				security investigations
						(A)In
				generalIn each case in
				which—
							(i)a
				review of a covered transaction under paragraph (1) results in a determination
				that—
								(I)the transaction threatens to impair the
				national security of the United States and that threat has not been mitigated
				during or prior to the review of a covered transaction under paragraph (1);
				or
								(II)the transaction is
				a foreign government-controlled transaction; or
								(ii)the Director of National Intelligence
				identifies particularly complex national security or intelligence issues that
				could threaten to impair the national security of the United States and were
				not resolved during the initial review period under paragraph (1),
							the
				President, acting through the Committee, shall immediately conduct an
				investigation of the effects of the transaction on the national security of the
				United States and take any necessary actions in connection with the transaction
				to protect the national security of the United States.(B)Timing
							(i)In
				generalAny investigation under subparagraph (A) shall be
				completed before the end of the 45-day period beginning on the date of the
				investigation commenced.
							(ii)Extensions of
				timeThe period established under subparagraph (B) for any
				investigation of a covered transaction may be extended with respect to any
				particular investigation by the President or by a rollcall vote of at least 2/3
				of the members of the Committee involved in the investigation by the amount of
				time specified by the President or the Committee at the time of the extension,
				not to exceed 45 days, as necessary to collect and fully evaluate information
				relating to—
								(I)the covered
				transaction or parties to the transaction; and
								(II)any effect of the
				transaction that could threaten to impair the national security of the United
				States.
								(3)Approval of
				chairperson and vice chairperson required
						(A)In
				generalA review or
				investigation under this subsection of a covered transaction shall not be
				treated as final or complete until the findings and the report resulting from
				such review or investigation are approved and signed by both the Secretary of
				the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security (and such authority of each
				such Secretary may not be delegated to any person other than the Deputy
				Secretary of the Treasury or the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security,
				respectively).
						(B)Additional
				actions required in certain casesIn the case of an investigation under
				paragraph (2) of any foreign government-controlled transaction, an
				investigation shall not be treated as final or complete until the findings and
				report resulting from such investigation—
							(i)are
				approved by a majority of the members of the Committee in a roll call vote;
				and
							(ii)in the case of any roll call vote pursuant
				to clause (i) in which there is at least 1 vote by a Committee member against
				approving a foreign government-controlled transaction, are signed by the
				President (in addition to the Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson of the
				Committee under subparagraph (A)).
							(4)Analysis by
				Director of National Intelligence
						(A)In
				generalThe Director of National Intelligence shall expeditiously
				carry out a thorough analysis of any threat to the national security of the
				United States of any covered transaction, including an affirmative inquiry for
				information to the Director of the Office of Foreign Assets Control within the
				Department of the Treasury and the Director of the Financial Crimes Enforcement
				Network.
						(B)30-day
				minimumThe analysis required
				under subparagraph (A) shall take no less than 30 days and be completed no less
				than 7 days before the end of the initial review period under paragraph (1),
				except in any instance described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii).
						(C)Independent role
				of directorThe Director of
				National Intelligence shall not be a member of the Committee and shall serve no
				policy role with the Committee other than to provide analysis under
				subparagraph (A) in connection with a covered transaction.
						(5)Resubmittals of
				notice and requests for additional review or investigation
						(A)In
				generalNo provision of this subsection shall be construed as
				prohibiting any party to a covered transaction from—
							(i)submitting
				additional information concerning the transaction, including any proposed
				restructuring of the transaction or any modifications to any agreements in
				connection with the transaction, while any review or investigation of the
				transaction is on-going; or
							(ii)requesting a review or investigation of the
				transaction after any previous review or investigation of the same or a similar
				transaction has become final if information material to the prior review or
				investigation and not previously submitted to the Committee becomes known or if
				any material change in circumstances to the covered transaction has occurred
				since the review or investigation.
							(B)Approval of
				requestIn the case of a
				request referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii), the Committee shall determine by
				consensus whether to grant a request.
						(6)RegulationsRegulations
				prescribed under this section shall include standard procedures for—
						(A)submitting any
				notice of a proposed or pending covered transaction to the Committee;
						(B)submitting a request to withdraw a proposed
				or pending covered transaction from review; and
						(C)resubmitting a notice of proposed or
				pending covered transaction that was previously withdrawn from
				review.
						.
		"}

We are at location: bill[1]/legis-body[1]/section[3]   Compared with location: null
The reason of change is: deletion
The value is expected to be: section But actually it is: null
 Deleted paragraph content is: {"3.Statutory
			 establishment of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United
			 States
			(a)In
			 generalSection 721 of the
			 Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended by striking
			 subsection (k) and inserting the following new subsection:
				
					(k)Committee on
				foreign investment in the United States
						(1)EstablishmentThe Committee on Foreign Investment in the
				United States established pursuant to Executive Order No. 11858 shall be a
				multi-agency committee to carry out this section and such other assignments as
				the President may designate.
						(2)MembershipThe
				Committee shall be comprised of the following members or the designee of any
				such member:
							(A)The Secretary of
				the Treasury.
							(B)The Secretary of
				Homeland Security.
							(C)The Secretary of
				Commerce.
							(D)The Secretary of
				Defense.
							(E)The Secretary of
				State.
							(F)The Attorney
				General.
							(G)The Chairman of
				the Council of Economic Advisors.
							(H)The United States
				Trade Representative.
							(I)The Director of the
				Office of Management and Budget.
							(J)The Director of
				the National Economic Council.
							(K)The Director of
				the Office of Science and Technology Policy.
							(L)The President’s Assistant for National
				Security Affairs.
							(M)Any other designee
				of the President from the Executive Office of the President.
							(3)Chairperson; vice
				chairpersonThe Secretary of
				the Treasury shall be the Chairperson of the Committee. The Secretary of
				Homeland Security shall be the Vice Chairperson of the Committee.
						(4)Other
				membersSubject to subsection
				(b)(4)(B), the Chairperson of the Committee shall involve the heads of such
				other Federal departments, agencies, and independent establishments in any
				review or investigation under subsection (b) as the Chairperson, after
				consulting with the Vice Chairperson, determines to be appropriate on the basis
				of the facts and circumstances of the transaction under investigation (or the
				designee of any such department or agency head).
						(5)MeetingsThe Committee shall meet upon the direction
				of the President or upon the call of the Chairperson of the Committee without
				regard to section 552b of title 5, United States Code (if otherwise
				applicable).
						(6)Collection of
				evidenceSubject to subsection (c), the Committee may, for the
				purpose of carrying out this section—
							(A)sit and act at
				such times and places, take such testimony, receive such evidence, administer
				such oaths; and
							(B)require the
				attendance and testimony of such witnesses and the production of such books,
				records, correspondence, memoranda, papers, and documents as the Chairperson of
				the Committee may determine advisable.
							(7)Authorization of
				appropriationsThere are authorized to be appropriated to the
				Secretary of the Treasury for each of fiscal years 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010,
				expressly and solely for the operations of the Committee that are conducted by
				the Secretary, the sum of
				$10,000,000.
						.
			(b)Technical and
			 conforming amendmentThe first sentence of section 721(c) of the
			 Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170(c)) is amended—
				(1)by striking material filed
			 with and inserting material, including proprietary business
			 information, filed with, or testimony presented to,; and
				(2)by striking
			 or documentary material the 2nd place such term appears and
			 inserting , documentary material, or testimony.
				"}

We are at location: bill[1]/legis-body[1]/section[4]   Compared with location: null
The reason of change is: deletion
The value is expected to be: section But actually it is: null
 Deleted paragraph content is: {"4.Additional
			 factors required to be consideredSection 721(f) of the Defense Production Act
			 of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170(f)) is amended—
			(1)in the matter
			 preceding paragraph (1)—
				(A)by striking
			 may and inserting shall; and
				(B)by striking
			 among other factors;
				(2)by striking
			 and at the end of paragraph (4);
			(3)by
			 striking the period at the end of paragraph (5) and inserting a semicolon;
			 and
			(4)by adding at the
			 end the following new paragraphs:
				
					(6)whether the covered transaction has a
				security-related impact on critical infrastructure in the United States;
					(7)whether the covered transaction is a
				foreign government-controlled transaction; and
					(8)such other factors
				as the President or the President’s designee may determine to be appropriate,
				generally or in connection with a specific review or
				investigation.
					.
			"}

We are at location: bill[1]/legis-body[1]/section[5]   Compared with location: null
The reason of change is: deletion
The value is expected to be: section But actually it is: null
 Deleted paragraph content is: {"5.Nonwaiver of
			 sovereign immunitySection
			 721(d) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170(d)) is
			 amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: The United
			 States shall not be held liable for any losses or other expenses incurred by
			 any party to a covered transaction as a result of actions taken under this
			 section after a covered transaction has been consummated if the party did not
			 submit a written notice of the transaction to the Chairperson of the Committee
			 under subsection (b)(1)(C) or did not wait until the completion of any review
			 or investigation under subsection (b), or the end of the 15-day period referred
			 to in this subsection, before consummating the transaction..
		"}

We are at location: bill[1]/legis-body[1]/section[6]   Compared with location: null
The reason of change is: deletion
The value is expected to be: section But actually it is: null
 Deleted paragraph content is: {"6.Mitigation,
			 tracking, and post-consummation monitoring and enforcementSection 721 of the Defense Production Act of
			 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended by inserting after subsection (k) (as
			 amended by section 3 of this Act) the following new subsection:
			
				(l)Mitigation,
				tracking, and postconsummation monitoring and enforcement
					(1)Mitigation
						(A)In
				generalThe Committee may negotiate, enter into or impose, and
				enforce any agreement or condition with any party to a covered transaction in
				order to mitigate any threat to the national security of the United
				States.
						(B)Risk-based
				analysis requiredAny
				agreement entered into or condition imposed under subparagraph (A) shall be
				based on a risk-based analysis of the threat to national security of the
				covered transaction.
						(2)Tracking
				authority for withdrawn notices
						(A)In
				generalIf any written notice of a covered transaction that was
				submitted to the Committee under this section is withdrawn before any review or
				investigation by the Committee under subsection (b) is completed, the Committee
				shall establish, as appropriate—
							(i)interim
				protections to address specific concerns with such transaction that have been
				raised in connection with any such review or investigation pending any
				resubmission of any written notice under this section with respect to such
				transaction and further action by the President under this section;
							(ii)specific
				timeframes for resubmitting any such written notice; and
							(iii)a
				process for tracking any actions that may be taken by any party to the
				transaction, in connection with the transaction, before the notice referred to
				in clause (ii) is resubmitted.
							(B)Designation of
				agencyThe Committee may
				designate an appropriate Federal department or agency, other than any entity of
				the intelligence community (as defined in the National Security Act of 1947),
				as the lead agency to carry out the requirements of subparagraph (A) with
				respect to any covered transaction that is subject to such subparagraph.
						(3)Negotiation,
				modification, monitoring, and enforcement
						(A)Designation of
				agencyThe Committee shall designate a Federal department or
				agency as the lead agency to negotiate, modify, monitor, and enforce any
				agreement entered into or condition imposed under paragraph (1) with respect to
				a covered transaction based on the expertise with and knowledge of the issues
				related to such transaction on the part of the designated department or
				agency.
						(B)Reporting by
				designated agency
							(i)Implementation
				reportsThe Federal department or agency designated by the
				Committee as a lead agency under subparagraph (A) in connection with any
				agreement entered into or condition imposed under paragraph (1) with respect to
				a covered transaction shall—
								(I)provide periodic
				reports to the Chairperson and Vice Chairperson of the Committee on the
				implementation of such agreement or condition; and
								(II)require, as appropriate, any party to the
				covered transaction to report to the head of such department or agency (or the
				designee of such department or agency head) on the implementation or any
				material change in circumstances.
								(ii)Modification
				reportsThe Federal
				department or agency designated by the Committee as a lead agency under
				subparagraph (A) in connection with any agreement entered into or condition
				imposed with respect to a covered transaction shall—
								(I)provide periodic
				reports to the Chairperson and Vice Chairperson of the Committee on any
				modification to any such agreement or condition imposed with respect to the
				transaction; and
								(II)ensure that any
				significant modification to any such agreement or condition is reported to the
				Director of National Intelligence and to any other Federal department or agency
				that may have a material interest in such
				modification.
								.
		"}

We are at location: bill[1]/legis-body[1]/section[7]   Compared with location: null
The reason of change is: deletion
The value is expected to be: section But actually it is: null
 Deleted paragraph content is: {"7.Increased
			 oversight by the congress
			(a)Report on
			 actionsSection 721(g) of the
			 Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended to read as
			 follows:
				
					(g)Reports to the
				congress
						(1)Reports on
				completed committee investigations
							(A)In
				generalNot later than 5 days
				after the completion of a Committee investigation of a covered transaction
				under subsection (b)(2), or, if the President indicates an intent to take any
				action authorized under subsection (d) with respect to the transaction, after
				the end of 15-day period referred to in subsection (d), the Chairperson or Vice
				Chairperson of the Committee shall submit a written report on the findings or
				actions of the Committee with respect to such investigation, the determination
				of whether or not to take action under subsection (d), an explanation of the
				findings under subsection (e), and the factors considered under subsection (f),
				with respect to such transaction, to—
								(i)the Majority
				Leader and the Minority Leader of the Senate;
								(ii)the Speaker and
				the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives; and
								(iii)the chairman and
				ranking member of each committee of the House of Representatives and the Senate
				with jurisdiction over any aspect of the covered transaction and its possible
				effects on national security.
								(B)Notice and
				briefing requirementIf a
				written request for a briefing on a covered transaction is submitted to the
				Committee by any Senator or Member of Congress who receives a report on the
				transaction under subparagraph (A), the Chairperson or Vice Chairperson (or
				such other person as the Chairperson or Vice Chairperson may designate) shall
				provide 1 classified briefing to each House of the Congress from which any such
				briefing request originates in a secure facility of appropriate size and
				location that shall be open only to the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader
				of the Senate, the Speaker and the Minority Leader of the House of
				Representatives, (as the case may be) the chairman and ranking member of each
				committee of the House of Representatives or the Senate (as the case may be)
				with jurisdiction over any aspect of the covered transaction and its possible
				effects on national security, and appropriate staff members who have security
				clearance.
							(2)Application of
				other provision
							(A)In
				generalThe disclosure of information under this subsection shall
				be consistent with the requirements of subsection (c). Members of Congress and
				staff of either House or any committee of the Congress shall be subject to the
				same limitations on disclosure of information as are applicable under such
				subsection.
							(B)Proprietary
				informationProprietary
				information which can be associated with a particular party to a covered
				transaction shall be furnished in accordance with subparagraph (A) only to a
				committee of the Congress and only when the committee provides assurances of
				confidentiality, unless such party otherwise consents in writing to such
				disclosure.
							.
			(b)Semi-annual
			 reportSection 721 of the
			 Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended by inserting
			 after subsection (l) (as added by section 6 of this Act) the following new
			 subsection:
				
					(m)Semi-annual
				report to the congress
						(1)In
				generalThe Chairperson of
				the Committee shall transmit a report to the Congress before January 31 and
				July 31 of each year on all the reviews and investigations of covered
				transactions conducted under subsection (b) during the 6-month period covered
				by the report.
						(2)Contents of
				report relating to covered transactionsThe report under paragraph (1) shall
				contain the following information with respect to each covered
				transaction:
							(A)A list of all notices filed and all reviews
				or investigations conducted during the period with basic information on each
				party to the transaction, the nature of the business activities or products of
				all pertinent persons, along with information about the status of the review or
				investigation, information on any withdrawal from the process, any rollcall
				votes by the Committee under this section, any extension of time for any
				investigation, and any presidential decision or action under this section.
							(B)Specific, cumulative, and, as appropriate,
				trend information on the numbers of filings, investigations, withdrawals, and
				presidential decisions or actions under this section.
							(C)Cumulative and, as appropriate, trend
				information on the business sectors involved in the filings which have been
				made, and the countries from which the investments have originated.
							(D)Information on
				whether companies that withdrew notices to the Committee in accordance with
				subsection (b)(1)(C)(ii) have later re-filed such notices, or, alternatively,
				abandoned the transaction.
							(E)The types of
				security arrangements and conditions the Committee has used to mitigate
				national security concerns about a transaction.
							(F)A detailed discussion of all perceived
				adverse effects of covered transactions on the national security or critical
				infrastructure of the United States that the Committee will take into account
				in its deliberations during the period before delivery of the next such report,
				to the extent possible.
							(3)Contents of
				report relating to critical technologies
							(A)In
				generalIn order to assist
				the Congress in its oversight responsibilities with respect to this section,
				the President and such agencies as the President shall designate shall include
				in the semi-annual report submitted under paragraph (1) the following:
								(i)An
				evaluation of whether there is credible evidence of a coordinated strategy by 1
				or more countries or companies to acquire United States companies involved in
				research, development, or production of critical technologies for which the
				United States is a leading producer.
								(ii)An evaluation of
				whether there are industrial espionage activities directed or directly assisted
				by foreign governments against private United States companies aimed at
				obtaining commercial secrets related to critical technologies.
								(B)Critical
				technologies definedFor
				purposes of this paragraph, the term critical technologies means
				technologies identified under title VI of the National Science and Technology
				Policy, Organization, and Priorities Act of 1976 or other critical technology,
				critical components, or critical technology items essential to national defense
				or national security identified pursuant to this section.
							(C)Release of
				unclassified studyThat
				portion of the semi-annual report under paragraph (1) that is required by this
				paragraph may be classified. An unclassified version of that portion of the
				report shall be made available to the public.
							.
			(c)Investigation by
			 inspector general
				(1)In
			 generalThe Inspector General of the Department of the Treasury
			 shall conduct an independent investigation to determine all of the facts and
			 circumstances concerning each failure of the Department of the Treasury to make
			 any report to the Congress that was required under section 721(k) of the
			 Defense Production Act of 1950 (as in effect before the date of the enactment
			 of this Act).
				(2)Report to the
			 congressBefore the end of the 270-day period beginning on the
			 date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of
			 the Treasury shall submit a report to the Congress on the investigation under
			 paragraph (1) containing the findings and conclusions of the Inspector
			 General.
				"}

We are at location: bill[1]/legis-body[1]/section[8]   Compared with location: null
The reason of change is: deletion
The value is expected to be: section But actually it is: null
 Deleted paragraph content is: {"8.Certification of
			 notices and assurancesSection
			 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended by
			 inserting after subsection (m) (as added by section 7(b) of this Act) the
			 following new subsection:
			
				(n)Certification of
				notices and assurancesEach
				notice required to be submitted to the President or the President`s designee
				under this section and regulations prescribed under such section, and each
				report required pursuant to paragraph (3)(B)(ii) of subsection (l) with respect
				to the implementation of any mitigation agreement or condition described in
				paragraph (1)(A) of such subsection or any material change in circumstances
				shall be accompanied by a written statement by the chief executive officer or
				the designee of the person required to submit such notice or report certifying
				that, to the best of the person’s knowledge and belief—
					(1)the notice or report submitted fully
				complies with the requirements of this section or such regulation, agreement,
				or condition; and
					(2)the information so contained is accurate
				and complete in all material
				respects.
					.
		"}

We are at location: bill[1]/legis-body[1]/section[9]   Compared with location: null
The reason of change is: deletion
The value is expected to be: section But actually it is: null
 Deleted paragraph content is: {"9.RegulationsSection 721(h) of the Defense Production Act
			 of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170(h)) is amended to read as follows:
			
				(h)RegulationsThe
				President shall direct the issuance of regulations to carry out this section.
				Such regulations shall, to the extent possible, minimize paperwork burdens and
				shall to the extent possible coordinate reporting requirements under this
				section with reporting requirements under any other provision of Federal
				law.
				.
		"}

We are at location: bill[1]/legis-body[1]/section[10]   Compared with location: null
The reason of change is: deletion
The value is expected to be: section But actually it is: null
 Deleted paragraph content is: {"10.Effect on other
			 lawSection 721(i) of the
			 Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170(i)) is amended to read as
			 follows:
			
				(i)Effect on other
				lawNo provision of this
				section shall be construed as altering or affecting any other authority,
				process, regulation, investigation, enforcement measure, or review provided by
				or established under any other provision of Federal law, including the
				International Emergency Economic Powers Act, or any other authority of the
				President or the Congress under the Constitution of the United
				States.
				.
		"}

We are at location: null   Compared with location: bill[1]/legis-body[2]
The reason of change is: insertion
The value is expected to be: null But actually it is: legis-body
 Inserted paragraph content is: {" 
1.Short titleThis Act may be cited as the National Security Foreign Investment Reform and Strengthened Transparency Act of 2006. 
2. United States security improvement amendments; clarification of review and investigation processSection 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following new subsections: 
 
(a)DefinitionsFor purposes of this section, the following definitions shall apply: 
(1)CommitteeThe term Committee means the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. 
(2)ControlThe term control has the meaning given to such term in regulations which the Committee shall prescribe. 
(3)Covered transactionThe term covered transaction means any merger, acquisition, or takeover by or with any foreign person which could result in foreign control of any person engaged in interstate commerce in the United States. 
(4)Foreign government-controlled transactionThe term foreign government-controlled transaction means any covered transaction that could result in the control of any person engaged in interstate commerce in the United States by a foreign government or an entity controlled by or acting on behalf of a foreign government. 
(5)ClarificationThe term national security shall be construed so as to include those issues relating to homeland security, including its application to critical infrastructure (as defined in the Homeland Security Act of 2002). 
(b)National security reviews and investigations 
(1)National security reviews 
(A)In generalUpon receiving written notification under subparagraph (C) of any covered transaction, or on a motion made under subparagraph (D) with respect to any covered transaction, the President, acting through the Committee, shall review the covered transaction to determine whether the transaction threatens to impair the national security of the United States and whether such threat can be mitigated. 
(B)Control by foreign governmentIf the Committee determines that the covered transaction is a foreign government-controlled transaction, the Committee shall conduct an investigation of the transaction under paragraph (2). 
(C)Written notice 
(i)In generalAny party to any covered transaction may initiate a review of the transaction under this paragraph by submitting a written notice of the transaction to the Chairperson of the Committee. 
(ii)Withdrawal of noticeNo covered transaction for which a notice was submitted under clause (i) may be withdrawn from review unless— 
(I)a written request for such withdrawal is submitted by any party to the transaction; and 
(II)the request is approved in writing by the Chairperson, in consultation with the Vice Chairperson, of the Committee. 
(D)Unilateral initiation of reviewThe President, the Committee, or any member of the Committee may move to initiate a review under subparagraph (A) of— 
(i)any covered transaction; 
(ii)any covered transaction that has previously been reviewed or investigated under this section, if any party to the transaction submitted false or misleading material information to the Committee in connection with the review or investigation or omitted material information, including material documents, from information submitted to the Committee; or 
(iii)any covered transaction that has previously been reviewed or investigated under this section, if any party to the transaction or the entity resulting from consummation of the transaction intentionally materially breaches a mitigation agreement or condition described in subsection (l)(1)(A), and— 
(I)such breach is certified by the lead department or agency monitoring and enforcing such agreement or condition as an intentional material breach; and 
(II)such department or agency certifies that there is no other remedy or enforcement tool available to address such breach. 
(E)TimingAny review under this paragraph shall be completed before the end of the 30-day period beginning on the date of the receipt of written notice under subparagraph (C) by the Chairperson of the Committee, or the date of the initiation of the review in accordance with a motion under subparagraph (D). 
(2)National security investigations 
(A)In generalIn each case in which— 
(i)a review of a covered transaction under paragraph (1) results in a determination that— 
(I)the transaction threatens to impair the national security of the United States and that threat has not been mitigated during or prior to the review of a covered transaction under paragraph (1); or 
(II)the transaction is a foreign government-controlled transaction; or 
(ii)the Director of National Intelligence identifies particularly complex national security or intelligence issues that could threaten to impair the national security of the United States and Committee members were not able to develop and agree upon measures to mitigate satisfactorily those threats during the initial review period under paragraph (1),the President, acting through the Committee, shall immediately conduct an investigation of the effects of the transaction on the national security of the United States and take any necessary actions in connection with the transaction to protect the national security of the United States. 
(B)Timing 
(i)In generalAny investigation under subparagraph (A) shall be completed before the end of the 45-day period beginning on the date of the investigation commenced. 
(ii)Extensions of timeThe period established under subparagraph (B) for any investigation of a covered transaction may be extended with respect to any particular investigation by the President or by a rollcall vote of at least 2/3 of the members of the Committee involved in the investigation by the amount of time specified by the President or the Committee at the time of the extension, not to exceed 45 days, as necessary to collect and fully evaluate information relating to— 
(I)the covered transaction or parties to the transaction; and 
(II)any effect of the transaction that could threaten to impair the national security of the United States. 
(3)Approval of chairperson and vice chairperson required 
(A)In generalA review or investigation under this subsection of a covered transaction shall not be treated as final or complete until the findings and the report resulting from such review or investigation are approved and signed by both the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security (and such authority of each such Secretary may not be delegated to any person other than the Deputy Secretary of the Treasury or the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security, respectively). 
(B)Additional actions required in certain casesIn the case of an investigation under paragraph (2) of any foreign government-controlled transaction, an investigation shall not be treated as final or complete until the findings and report resulting from such investigation— 
(i)are approved by a majority of the members of the Committee in a roll call vote; and 
(ii)in the case of any roll call vote pursuant to clause (i) in which there is at least 1 vote by a Committee member against approving a foreign government-controlled transaction, are signed by the President (in addition to the Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson of the Committee under subparagraph (A)). 
(4)Analysis by Director of National Intelligence 
(A)In generalThe Director of National Intelligence shall expeditiously carry out a thorough analysis of any threat to the national security of the United States of any covered transaction, including making requests for information to the Director of the Office of Foreign Assets Control within the Department of the Treasury and the Director of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. The Director of National Intelligence also shall seek and incorporate the views of all appropriate intelligence agencies, including in particular the Defense Intelligence Agency. 
(B)30-day minimumThe Director of National Intelligence shall be provided no less than 30 days to complete the analysis required under subparagraph (A), except in any instance described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii). 
(C)Independent role of directorThe Director of National Intelligence shall not be a member of the Committee and shall serve no policy role with the Committee other than to provide analysis under subparagraph (A) in connection with a covered transaction. 
(5)Resubmittals of notice and requests for additional review or investigation 
(A)In generalNo provision of this subsection shall be construed as prohibiting any party to a covered transaction from— 
(i)submitting additional information concerning the transaction, including any proposed restructuring of the transaction or any modifications to any agreements in connection with the transaction, while any review or investigation of the transaction is on-going; or 
(ii)requesting a review or investigation of the transaction after any previous review or investigation of the same or a similar transaction has become final if information material to the prior review or investigation and not previously submitted to the Committee becomes known or if any material change in circumstances to the covered transaction has occurred since the review or investigation. 
(B)Approval of requestIn the case of a request referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii), the Committee shall determine by consensus whether to grant a request. 
(6)RegulationsRegulations prescribed under this section shall include standard procedures for— 
(A)submitting any notice of a proposed or pending covered transaction to the Committee; 
(B)submitting a request to withdraw a proposed or pending covered transaction from review; and 
(C)resubmitting a notice of proposed or pending covered transaction that was previously withdrawn from review.. 
3.Statutory establishment of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States 
(a)In generalSection 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended by striking subsection (k) and inserting the following new subsection: 
 
(k)Committee on foreign investment in the United States 
(1)EstablishmentThe Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States established pursuant to Executive Order No. 11858 shall be a multi-agency committee to carry out this section and such other assignments as the President may designate. 
(2)MembershipThe Committee shall be comprised of the following members or the designee of any such member: 
(A)The Secretary of the Treasury. 
(B)The Secretary of Homeland Security. 
(C)The Secretary of Commerce. 
(D)The Secretary of Defense. 
(E)The Secretary of State. 
(F)The Attorney General. 
(G)The Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors. 
(H)The United States Trade Representative. 
(I)The Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
(J)The Director of the National Economic Council. 
(K)The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy. 
(L)The President’s Assistant for National Security Affairs. 
(M)Any other designee of the President from the Executive Office of the President. 
(3)Chairperson; vice chairpersonThe Secretary of the Treasury shall be the Chairperson of the Committee. The Secretary of Homeland Security shall be the Vice Chairperson of the Committee. 
(4)Other membersSubject to subsection (b)(4)(B), the Chairperson of the Committee shall involve the heads of such other Federal departments, agencies, and independent establishments in any review or investigation under subsection (b) as the Chairperson, after consulting with the Vice Chairperson, determines to be appropriate on the basis of the facts and circumstances of the transaction under investigation (or the designee of any such department or agency head). 
(5)MeetingsThe Committee shall meet upon the direction of the President or upon the call of the Chairperson of the Committee without regard to section 552b of title 5, United States Code (if otherwise applicable). 
(6)Collection of evidenceSubject to subsection (c), the Committee may, for the purpose of carrying out this section— 
(A)sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, receive such evidence, administer such oaths; and 
(B)require the attendance and testimony of such witnesses and the production of such books, records, correspondence, memoranda, papers, and documents as the Chairperson of the Committee may determine advisable. 
(7)Authorization of appropriationsThere are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Treasury for each of fiscal years 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010, expressly and solely for the operations of the Committee that are conducted by the Secretary, the sum of $10,000,000.. 
(b)Technical and conforming amendmentThe first sentence of section 721(c) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170(c)) is amended— 
(1)by striking material filed with and inserting material, including proprietary business information, filed with, or testimony presented to,; and 
(2)by striking or documentary material the 2nd place such term appears and inserting , documentary material, or testimony. 
4.Additional factors required to be consideredSection 721(f) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170(f)) is amended— 
(1)in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— 
(A)by striking may and inserting shall; and 
(B)by striking among other factors; 
(2)by striking and at the end of paragraph (4); 
(3)by striking the period at the end of paragraph (5) and inserting a semicolon; and 
(4)by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: 
 
(6)whether the covered transaction has a security-related impact on critical infrastructure in the United States; 
(7)whether the covered transaction is a foreign government-controlled transaction; and 
(8)such other factors as the President or the President’s designee may determine to be appropriate, generally or in connection with a specific review or investigation.. 
5.Nonwaiver of sovereign immunitySection 721(d) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: The United States shall not be held liable for any losses or other expenses incurred by any party to a covered transaction as a result of actions taken under this section after a covered transaction has been consummated if the party did not submit a written notice of the transaction to the Chairperson of the Committee under subsection (b)(1)(C) or did not wait until the completion of any review or investigation under subsection (b), or the end of the 15-day period referred to in this subsection, before consummating the transaction.. 
6.Mitigation, tracking, and post-consummation monitoring and enforcementSection 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended by inserting after subsection (k) (as amended by section 3 of this Act) the following new subsection: 
 
(l)Mitigation, tracking, and postconsummation monitoring and enforcement 
(1)Mitigation 
(A)In generalThe Committee may negotiate, enter into or impose, and enforce any agreement or condition with any party to a covered transaction in order to mitigate any threat to the national security of the United States. 
(B)Risk-based analysis requiredAny agreement entered into or condition imposed under subparagraph (A) shall be based on a risk-based analysis of the threat to national security of the covered transaction. 
(2)Tracking authority for withdrawn notices 
(A)In generalIf any written notice of a covered transaction that was submitted to the Committee under this section is withdrawn before any review or investigation by the Committee under subsection (b) is completed, the Committee shall establish, as appropriate— 
(i)interim protections to address specific concerns with such transaction that have been raised in connection with any such review or investigation pending any resubmission of any written notice under this section with respect to such transaction and further action by the President under this section; 
(ii)specific timeframes for resubmitting any such written notice; and 
(iii)a process for tracking any actions that may be taken by any party to the transaction, in connection with the transaction, before the notice referred to in clause (ii) is resubmitted. 
(B)Designation of agencyThe Committee may designate an appropriate Federal department or agency, other than any entity of the intelligence community (as defined in the National Security Act of 1947), as the lead agency to carry out the requirements of subparagraph (A) with respect to any covered transaction that is subject to such subparagraph. 
(3)Negotiation, modification, monitoring, and enforcement 
(A)Designation of agencyThe Committee shall designate a Federal department or agency as the lead agency to negotiate, modify, monitor, and enforce any agreement entered into or condition imposed under paragraph (1) with respect to a covered transaction based on the expertise with and knowledge of the issues related to such transaction on the part of the designated department or agency. 
(B)Reporting by designated agency 
(i)Implementation reportsThe Federal department or agency designated by the Committee as a lead agency under subparagraph (A) in connection with any agreement entered into or condition imposed under paragraph (1) with respect to a covered transaction shall— 
(I)provide periodic reports to the Chairperson and Vice Chairperson of the Committee on the implementation of such agreement or condition; and 
(II)require, as appropriate, any party to the covered transaction to report to the head of such department or agency (or the designee of such department or agency head) on the implementation or any material change in circumstances. 
(ii)Modification reportsThe Federal department or agency designated by the Committee as a lead agency under subparagraph (A) in connection with any agreement entered into or condition imposed with respect to a covered transaction shall— 
(I)provide periodic reports to the Chairperson and Vice Chairperson of the Committee on any modification to any such agreement or condition imposed with respect to the transaction; and 
(II)ensure that any significant modification to any such agreement or condition is reported to the Director of National Intelligence and to any other Federal department or agency that may have a material interest in such modification.. 
7.Increased oversight by the congress 
(a)Report on actionsSection 721(g) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended to read as follows: 
 
(g)Reports to the congress 
(1)Reports on completed committee investigations 
(A)In generalNot later than 5 days after the completion of a Committee investigation of a covered transaction under subsection (b)(2), or, if the President indicates an intent to take any action authorized under subsection (d) with respect to the transaction, after the end of 15-day period referred to in subsection (d), the Chairperson or Vice Chairperson of the Committee shall submit a written report on the findings or actions of the Committee with respect to such investigation, the determination of whether or not to take action under subsection (d), an explanation of the findings under subsection (e), and the factors considered under subsection (f), with respect to such transaction, to— 
(i)the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader of the Senate; 
(ii)the Speaker and the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives; and 
(iii)the chairman and ranking member of each committee of the House of Representatives and the Senate with jurisdiction over any aspect of the covered transaction and its possible effects on national security. 
(B)Notice and briefing requirementIf a written request for a briefing on a covered transaction is submitted to the Committee by any Senator or Member of Congress who receives a report on the transaction under subparagraph (A), the Chairperson or Vice Chairperson (or such other person as the Chairperson or Vice Chairperson may designate) shall provide 1 classified briefing to each House of the Congress from which any such briefing request originates in a secure facility of appropriate size and location that shall be open only to the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader of the Senate, the Speaker and the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, (as the case may be) the chairman and ranking member of each committee of the House of Representatives or the Senate (as the case may be) with jurisdiction over any aspect of the covered transaction and its possible effects on national security, and appropriate staff members who have security clearance. 
(2)Application of other provision 
(A)In generalThe disclosure of information under this subsection shall be consistent with the requirements of subsection (c). Members of Congress and staff of either House or any committee of the Congress shall be subject to the same limitations on disclosure of information as are applicable under such subsection. 
(B)Proprietary informationProprietary information which can be associated with a particular party to a covered transaction shall be furnished in accordance with subparagraph (A) only to a committee of the Congress and only when the committee provides assurances of confidentiality, unless such party otherwise consents in writing to such disclosure.. 
(b)Semi-annual reportSection 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended by inserting after subsection (l) (as added by section 6 of this Act) the following new subsection: 
 
(m)Semi-annual report to the congress 
(1)In generalThe Chairperson of the Committee shall transmit a report to the Congress before January 31 and July 31 of each year on all the reviews and investigations of covered transactions conducted under subsection (b) during the 6-month period covered by the report. 
(2)Contents of report relating to covered transactionsThe report under paragraph (1) shall contain the following information with respect to each covered transaction: 
(A)A list of all notices filed and all reviews or investigations conducted during the period with basic information on each party to the transaction, the nature of the business activities or products of all pertinent persons, along with information about the status of the review or investigation, information on any withdrawal from the process, any rollcall votes by the Committee under this section, any extension of time for any investigation, and any presidential decision or action under this section. 
(B)Specific, cumulative, and, as appropriate, trend information on the numbers of filings, investigations, withdrawals, and presidential decisions or actions under this section. 
(C)Cumulative and, as appropriate, trend information on the business sectors involved in the filings which have been made, and the countries from which the investments have originated. 
(D)Information on whether companies that withdrew notices to the Committee in accordance with subsection (b)(1)(C)(ii) have later re-filed such notices, or, alternatively, abandoned the transaction. 
(E)The types of security arrangements and conditions the Committee has used to mitigate national security concerns about a transaction. 
(F)A detailed discussion of all perceived adverse effects of covered transactions on the national security or critical infrastructure of the United States that the Committee will take into account in its deliberations during the period before delivery of the next such report, to the extent possible. 
(3)Contents of report relating to critical technologies 
(A)In generalIn order to assist the Congress in its oversight responsibilities with respect to this section, the President and such agencies as the President shall designate shall include in the semi-annual report submitted under paragraph (1) the following: 
(i)An evaluation of whether there is credible evidence of a coordinated strategy by 1 or more countries or companies to acquire United States companies involved in research, development, or production of critical technologies for which the United States is a leading producer. 
(ii)An evaluation of whether there are industrial espionage activities directed or directly assisted by foreign governments against private United States companies aimed at obtaining commercial secrets related to critical technologies. 
(B)Critical technologies definedFor purposes of this paragraph, the term critical technologies means technologies identified under title VI of the National Science and Technology Policy, Organization, and Priorities Act of 1976 or other critical technology, critical components, or critical technology items essential to national defense or national security identified pursuant to this section. 
(C)Release of unclassified studyThat portion of the semi-annual report under paragraph (1) that is required by this paragraph may be classified. An unclassified version of that portion of the report shall be made available to the public.. 
(c)Investigation by inspector general 
(1)In generalThe Inspector General of the Department of the Treasury shall conduct an independent investigation to determine all of the facts and circumstances concerning each failure of the Department of the Treasury to make any report to the Congress that was required under section 721(k) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (as in effect before the date of the enactment of this Act). 
(2)Report to the congressBefore the end of the 270-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of the Treasury shall submit a report to the Congress on the investigation under paragraph (1) containing the findings and conclusions of the Inspector General. 
(d)Study and report 
(1)Study requiredBefore the end of the 120-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Commerce, shall conduct a study on investments in the United States, especially investments in critical infrastructure and industries affecting national security, by— 
(A)foreign governments, entities controlled by or acting on behalf of a foreign government, or persons of foreign countries which comply with any boycott of Israel; or 
(B)foreign governments, entities controlled by or acting on behalf of a foreign government, or persons of foreign countries which do not ban organizations designated by the Secretary of State as foreign terrorist organizations. 
(2)ReportBefore the end of the 30-day period beginning upon completion of the study under paragraph (1) or in the next semi-annual report under section 721(m) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (as added by subsection (b)), the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit a report to the Congress, for transmittal to all appropriate committees of the Senate and the House of Representatives, containing the findings and conclusions of the Secretary with respect to the study, together with an analysis of the effects of such investment on the national security of the United States and on any efforts to address those effects. 
8.Certification of notices and assurancesSection 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended by inserting after subsection (m) (as added by section 7(b) of this Act) the following new subsection: 
 
(n)Certification of notices and assurancesEach notice required to be submitted, by a party to a covered transaction, to the President or the President`s designee under this section and regulations prescribed under such section, and any information submitted by any such party in connection with any action for which a report is required pursuant to paragraph (3)(B)(ii) of subsection (l) with respect to the implementation of any mitigation agreement or condition described in paragraph (1)(A) of such subsection, or any material change in circumstances, shall be accompanied by a written statement by the chief executive officer or the designee of the person required to submit such notice or information certifying that, to the best of the person’s knowledge and belief— 
(1)the notice or information submitted fully complies with the requirements of this section or such regulation, agreement, or condition; and 
(2)the notice or information is accurate and complete in all material respects.. 
9.RegulationsSection 721(h) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170(h)) is amended to read as follows: 
 
(h)RegulationsThe President shall direct the issuance of regulations to carry out this section. Such regulations shall, to the extent possible, minimize paperwork burdens and shall to the extent possible coordinate reporting requirements under this section with reporting requirements under any other provision of Federal law.. 
10.Effect on other lawSection 721(i) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170(i)) is amended to read as follows: 
 
(i)Effect on other lawNo provision of this section shall be construed as altering or affecting any other authority, process, regulation, investigation, enforcement measure, or review provided by or established under any other provision of Federal law, including the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, or any other authority of the President or the Congress under the Constitution of the United States.. 
"}

We are at location: null   Compared with location: bill[1]/legis-body[3]
The reason of change is: insertion
The value is expected to be: null But actually it is: legis-body
 Inserted paragraph content is: {" 
1.Short titleThis Act may be cited as the Reform of National Security Reviews of Foreign Direct Investments Act.  
2. United States security improvement amendments; clarification of review and investigation processSection 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following new subsections: 
 
(a)DefinitionsFor purposes of this section, the following definitions shall apply: 
(1)CommitteeThe term Committee means the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States.  
(2)ControlThe term control has the meaning given to such term in regulations which the Committee shall prescribe.  
(3)Covered transactionThe term covered transaction means any merger, acquisition, or takeover by or with any foreign person which could result in foreign control of any person engaged in interstate commerce in the United States.  
(4)Foreign government-controlled transactionThe term foreign government-controlled transaction means any covered transaction that could result in the control of any person engaged in interstate commerce in the United States by a foreign government or an entity controlled by or acting on behalf of a foreign government.  
(b)National security reviews and investigations 
(1)National security reviews 
(A)In generalUpon receiving written notification under subparagraph (C) of any covered transaction, or on a motion made under subparagraph (D) with respect to any covered transaction, the President, acting through the Committee, shall review the covered transaction to determine whether the transaction threatens to impair the national security of the United States and whether such threat can be mitigated.  
(B)Control by foreign governmentIf the Committee determines that the covered transaction is a foreign government-controlled transaction, the Committee shall conduct an investigation of the transaction under paragraph (2).  
(C)Written notice 
(i)In generalAny party to any covered transaction may initiate a review of the transaction under this paragraph by submitting a written notice of the transaction to the Chairperson of the Committee.  
(ii)Withdrawal of noticeNo covered transaction for which a notice was submitted under clause (i) may be withdrawn from review unless— 
(I)a written request for such withdrawal is submitted by any party to the transaction; and  
(II)the request is approved in writing by the Chairperson of the Committee.  
(D)Unilateral initiation of reviewThe President, the Committee, or any member of the Committee may move to initiate a review under subparagraph (A) of— 
(i)any covered transaction;  
(ii)any covered transaction that has previously been reviewed or investigated under this section, if any party to the transaction submitted false or misleading material information to the Committee in connection with the review or investigation or omitted material information, including material documents, from information submitted to the Committee; or  
(iii)any covered transaction that has previously been reviewed or investigated under this section, if any party to the transaction or the entity resulting from consummation of the transaction intentionally materially breaches a mitigation agreement or condition described in subsection (l)(1)(A), and— 
(I)such breach is certified by the lead department or agency monitoring and enforcing such agreement or condition as an intentional material breach; and  
(II)such department or agency certifies that there is no other remedy or enforcement tool available to address such breach.  
(E)TimingAny review under this paragraph shall be completed before the end of the 30-day period beginning on the date of the receipt of written notice under subparagraph (C) by the Chairperson of the Committee, or the date of the initiation of the review in accordance with a motion under subparagraph (D).  
(2)National security investigations 
(A)In generalIn each case in which— 
(i)a review of a covered transaction under paragraph (1) results in a determination that— 
(I)the transaction threatens to impair the national security of the United States and that threat has not been mitigated during or prior to the review of a covered transaction under paragraph (1); or  
(II)the transaction is a foreign government-controlled transaction; or  
(ii)the Director of National Intelligence identifies particularly complex national security or intelligence issues that could threaten to impair the national security of the United States and were not resolved during the initial review period under paragraph (1), the President, acting through the Committee, shall immediately conduct an investigation of the effects of the transaction on the national security of the United States and take any necessary actions in connection with the transaction to protect the national security of the United States. 
(B)Timing 
(i)In generalAny investigation under subparagraph (A) shall be completed before the end of the 45-day period beginning on the date of the investigation commenced.  
(ii)Extensions of timeThe period established under subparagraph (B) for any investigation of a covered transaction may be extended with respect to any particular investigation by the President or by a rollcall vote of at least 2/3 of the members of the Committee involved in the investigation by the amount of time specified by the President or the Committee at the time of the extension, not to exceed 45 days, as necessary to collect and fully evaluate information relating to— 
(I)the covered transaction or parties to the transaction; and  
(II)any effect of the transaction that could threaten to impair the national security of the United States.  
(3)Approval of chairperson required 
(A)In generalA review or investigation under this subsection of a covered transaction shall not be treated as final or complete until the findings and the report resulting from such review or investigation are approved and signed by the Chairperson of the Committee after approval by a majority vote of the Committee.  
(B)Additional actions required in certain casesIn the case of an investigation under paragraph (2) of any foreign government-controlled transaction, an investigation shall not be treated as final or complete until the findings and report resulting from such investigation— 
(i)are approved by a majority of the members of the Committee in a roll call vote; and  
(ii)in the case of any roll call vote pursuant to clause (i) in which there is at least 1 vote by a Committee member against approving a foreign government-controlled transaction, are signed by the President (in addition to the Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson of the Committee under subparagraph (A)).  
(4)Analysis by Director of National Intelligence 
(A)In generalThe Director of National Intelligence shall expeditiously carry out a thorough analysis of any threat to the national security of the United States of any covered transaction, including an affirmative inquiry for information to the Director of the Office of Foreign Assets Control within the Department of the Treasury and the Director of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network.  
(B)30-day minimumThe analysis required under subparagraph (A) shall take no less than 30 days and be completed no less than 7 days before the end of the initial review period under paragraph (1), except in any instance described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii).  
(C)Independent role of directorThe Director of National Intelligence shall not be a member of the Committee and shall serve no policy role with the Committee other than to provide analysis under subparagraph (A) in connection with a covered transaction.  
(5)Resubmittals of notice and requests for additional review or investigation 
(A)In generalNo provision of this subsection shall be construed as prohibiting any party to a covered transaction from— 
(i)submitting additional information concerning the transaction, including any proposed restructuring of the transaction or any modifications to any agreements in connection with the transaction, while any review or investigation of the transaction is on-going; or  
(ii)requesting a review or investigation of the transaction after any previous review or investigation of the same or a similar transaction has become final if information material to the prior review or investigation and not previously submitted to the Committee becomes known or if any material change in circumstances to the covered transaction has occurred since the review or investigation.  
(B)Approval of requestIn the case of a request referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii), the Committee shall determine by consensus whether to grant a request.  
(6)RegulationsRegulations prescribed under this section shall include standard procedures for— 
(A)submitting any notice of a proposed or pending covered transaction to the Committee;  
(B)submitting a request to withdraw a proposed or pending covered transaction from review; and  
(C)resubmitting a notice of proposed or pending covered transaction that was previously withdrawn from review. .  
3.Statutory establishment of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States 
(a)In generalSection 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended by striking subsection (k) and inserting the following new subsection: 
 
(k)Committee on foreign investment in the United States 
(1)EstablishmentThe Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States established pursuant to Executive Order No. 11858 shall be a multi-agency committee to carry out this section and such other assignments as the President may designate.  
(2)MembershipThe Committee shall be comprised of the following members or the designee of any such member: 
(A)The Secretary of the Treasury.  
(B)The Secretary of Homeland Security.  
(C)The Secretary of Commerce.  
(D)The Secretary of Defense.  
(E)The Secretary of State.  
(F)The Attorney General. 
(G)The Secretary of Energy.  
(H)The Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors.  
(I)The United States Trade Representative.  
(J)The Director of the Office of Management and Budget.  
(K)The Director of the National Economic Council.  
(L)The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy.  
(M)The President’s Assistant for National Security Affairs.   
(3)ChairpersonThe Secretary of Commerce shall be the Chairperson of the Committee.  
(4)Other membersSubject to subsection (b)(4)(B), the Chairperson of the Committee shall involve the heads of such other Federal departments, agencies, and independent establishments in any review or investigation under subsection (b) as the Chairperson determines to be appropriate on the basis of the facts and circumstances of the transaction under investigation (or the designee of any such department or agency head).  
(5)MeetingsThe Committee shall meet upon the direction of the President or upon the call of the Chairperson of the Committee without regard to section 552b of title 5, United States Code (if otherwise applicable).  
(6)Collection of evidenceSubject to subsection (c), the Committee may, for the purpose of carrying out this section— 
(A)sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, receive such evidence, administer such oaths; and  
(B)require the attendance and testimony of such witnesses and the production of such books, records, correspondence, memoranda, papers, and documents as the Chairperson of the Committee may determine advisable.  
(7)Authorization of appropriationsThere are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Treasury for each of fiscal years 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010, expressly and solely for the operations of the Committee that are conducted by the Secretary, the sum of $10,000,000. .  
(b)Technical and conforming amendmentThe first sentence of section 721(c) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170(c)) is amended— 
(1)by striking material filed with and inserting material, including proprietary business information, filed with, or testimony presented to,; and  
(2)by striking or documentary material the 2nd place such term appears and inserting , documentary material, or testimony.  
4.Additional factors required to be consideredSection 721(f) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170(f)) is amended— 
(1)in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— 
(A)by striking may and inserting shall; and  
(B)by striking among other factors;  
(2)by striking and at the end of paragraph (4);  
(3)by striking the period at the end of paragraph (5) and inserting a semicolon; and  
(4)by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: 
 
(6)whether the covered transaction has a security-related impact on critical infrastructure in the United States;  
(7)whether the covered transaction is a foreign government-controlled transaction; and  
(8)such other factors as the President or the President’s designee may determine to be appropriate, generally or in connection with a specific review or investigation. .  
5.Nonwaiver of sovereign immunitySection 721(d) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: The United States shall not be held liable for any losses or other expenses incurred by any party to a covered transaction as a result of actions taken under this section after a covered transaction has been consummated if the party did not submit a written notice of the transaction to the Chairperson of the Committee under subsection (b)(1)(C) or did not wait until the completion of any review or investigation under subsection (b), or the end of the 15-day period referred to in this subsection, before consummating the transaction..  
6.Mitigation, tracking, and post-consummation monitoring and enforcementSection 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended by inserting after subsection (k) (as amended by section 3 of this Act) the following new subsection: 
 
(l)Mitigation, tracking, and postconsummation monitoring and enforcement 
(1)Mitigation 
(A)In generalThe Committee may negotiate, enter into or impose, and enforce any agreement or condition with any party to a covered transaction in order to mitigate any threat to the national security of the United States.  
(B)Risk-based analysis requiredAny agreement entered into or condition imposed under subparagraph (A) shall be based on a risk-based analysis of the threat to national security of the covered transaction.  
(2)Tracking authority for withdrawn notices 
(A)In generalIf any written notice of a covered transaction that was submitted to the Committee under this section is withdrawn before any review or investigation by the Committee under subsection (b) is completed, the Committee shall establish, as appropriate— 
(i)interim protections to address specific concerns with such transaction that have been raised in connection with any such review or investigation pending any resubmission of any written notice under this section with respect to such transaction and further action by the President under this section;  
(ii)specific timeframes for resubmitting any such written notice; and  
(iii)a process for tracking any actions that may be taken by any party to the transaction, in connection with the transaction, before the notice referred to in clause (ii) is resubmitted.  
(B)Designation of agencyThe Committee may designate an appropriate Federal department or agency, other than any entity of the intelligence community (as defined in the National Security Act of 1947), as the lead agency to carry out the requirements of subparagraph (A) with respect to any covered transaction that is subject to such subparagraph.  
(3)Negotiation, modification, monitoring, and enforcement 
(A)Designation of agencyThe Committee shall designate a Federal department or agency as the lead agency to negotiate, modify, monitor, and enforce any agreement entered into or condition imposed under paragraph (1) with respect to a covered transaction based on the expertise with and knowledge of the issues related to such transaction on the part of the designated department or agency.  
(B)Reporting by designated agency 
(i)Implementation reportsThe Federal department or agency designated by the Committee as a lead agency under subparagraph (A) in connection with any agreement entered into or condition imposed under paragraph (1) with respect to a covered transaction shall— 
(I)provide periodic reports to the Chairperson of the Committee on the implementation of such agreement or condition; and  
(II)require, as appropriate, any party to the covered transaction to report to the head of such department or agency (or the designee of such department or agency head) on the implementation or any material change in circumstances.  
(ii)Modification reportsThe Federal department or agency designated by the Committee as a lead agency under subparagraph (A) in connection with any agreement entered into or condition imposed with respect to a covered transaction shall— 
(I)provide periodic reports to the Chairperson of the Committee on any modification to any such agreement or condition imposed with respect to the transaction; and  
(II)ensure that any significant modification to any such agreement or condition is reported to the Director of National Intelligence and to any other Federal department or agency that may have a material interest in such modification. .  
7.Increased oversight by the congress 
(a)Report on actionsSection 721(g) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended to read as follows: 
 
(g)Reports to the congress 
(1)Reports on completed committee investigations 
(A)In generalNot later than 5 days after the completion of a Committee investigation of a covered transaction under subsection (b)(2), or, if the President indicates an intent to take any action authorized under subsection (d) with respect to the transaction, after the end of 15-day period referred to in subsection (d), the Chairperson of the Committee shall submit a written report on the findings or actions of the Committee with respect to such investigation, the determination of whether or not to take action under subsection (d), an explanation of the findings under subsection (e), and the factors considered under subsection (f), with respect to such transaction, to— 
(i)the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader of the Senate;  
(ii)the Speaker and the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives; and  
(iii)the chairman and ranking member of each committee of the House of Representatives and the Senate with jurisdiction over any aspect of the covered transaction and its possible effects on national security, including the Committee on International Relations, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives.  
(B)Notice and briefing requirementIf a written request for a briefing on a covered transaction is submitted to the Committee by any Senator or Member of Congress who receives a report on the transaction under subparagraph (A), the Chairperson (or such other person as the Chairperson may designate) shall provide 1 classified briefing to each House of the Congress from which any such briefing request originates in a secure facility of appropriate size and location that shall be open only to the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader of the Senate, the Speaker and the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, (as the case may be) the chairman and ranking member of each committee of the House of Representatives or the Senate (as the case may be) with jurisdiction over any aspect of the covered transaction and its possible effects on national security, including the Committee on International Relations, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, and appropriate staff members who have security clearance.  
(2)Application of other provision 
(A)In generalThe disclosure of information under this subsection shall be consistent with the requirements of subsection (c). Members of Congress and staff of either House or any committee of the Congress shall be subject to the same limitations on disclosure of information as are applicable under such subsection.  
(B)Proprietary informationProprietary information which can be associated with a particular party to a covered transaction shall be furnished in accordance with subparagraph (A) only to a committee of the Congress and only when the committee provides assurances of confidentiality, unless such party otherwise consents in writing to such disclosure. .  
(b)Semi-annual reportSection 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended by inserting after subsection (l) (as added by section 6 of this Act) the following new subsection: 
 
(m)Semi-annual report to the congress 
(1)In generalThe Chairperson of the Committee shall transmit a report to the chairman and ranking member of each committee of the House of Representatives and the Senate with jurisdiction over any aspect of the report, including the Committee on International Relations, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, before January 31 and July 31 of each year on all the reviews and investigations of covered transactions conducted under subsection (b) during the 6-month period covered by the report.  
(2)Contents of report relating to covered transactionsThe report under paragraph (1) shall contain the following information with respect to each covered transaction: 
(A)A list of all notices filed and all reviews or investigations conducted during the period with basic information on each party to the transaction, the nature of the business activities or products of all pertinent persons, along with information about the status of the review or investigation, information on any withdrawal from the process, any rollcall votes by the Committee under this section, any extension of time for any investigation, and any presidential decision or action under this section.  
(B)Specific, cumulative, and, as appropriate, trend information on the numbers of filings, investigations, withdrawals, and presidential decisions or actions under this section.  
(C)Cumulative and, as appropriate, trend information on the business sectors involved in the filings which have been made, and the countries from which the investments have originated.  
(D)Information on whether companies that withdrew notices to the Committee in accordance with subsection (b)(1)(C)(ii) have later re-filed such notices, or, alternatively, abandoned the transaction.  
(E)The types of security arrangements and conditions the Committee has used to mitigate national security concerns about a transaction.  
(F)A detailed discussion of all perceived adverse effects of covered transactions on the national security or critical infrastructure of the United States that the Committee will take into account in its deliberations during the period before delivery of the next such report, to the extent possible.  
(3)Contents of report relating to critical technologies 
(A)In generalIn order to assist the Congress in its oversight responsibilities with respect to this section, the President and such agencies as the President shall designate shall include in the semi-annual report submitted under paragraph (1) the following: 
(i)An evaluation of whether there is credible evidence of a coordinated strategy by 1 or more countries or companies to acquire United States companies involved in research, development, or production of critical technologies for which the United States is a leading producer.  
(ii)An evaluation of whether there are industrial espionage activities directed or directly assisted by foreign governments against private United States companies aimed at obtaining commercial secrets related to critical technologies.  
(B)Critical technologies definedFor purposes of this paragraph, the term critical technologies means technologies identified under title VI of the National Science and Technology Policy, Organization, and Priorities Act of 1976 or other critical technology, critical components, or critical technology items essential to national defense or national security identified pursuant to this section.  
(C)Release of unclassified studyThat portion of the semi-annual report under paragraph (1) that is required by this paragraph may be classified. An unclassified version of that portion of the report shall be made available to the public. .  
(c)Investigation by inspector general 
(1)In generalThe Inspector General of the Department of the Treasury shall conduct an independent investigation to determine all of the facts and circumstances concerning each failure of the Department of the Treasury to make any report to the Congress that was required under section 721(k) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (as in effect before the date of the enactment of this Act).  
(2)Report to the congressBefore the end of the 270-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of the Treasury shall submit a report to the chairman and ranking member of each committee of the House of Representatives and the Senate with jurisdiction over any aspect of the report, including the Committee on International Relations, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, on the investigation under paragraph (1) containing the findings and conclusions of the Inspector General.  
8.Certification of notices and assurancesSection 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170) is amended by inserting after subsection (m) (as added by section 7(b) of this Act) the following new subsection: 
 
(n)Certification of notices and assurancesEach notice required to be submitted to the President or the President`s designee under this section and regulations prescribed under such section, and each report required pursuant to paragraph (3)(B)(ii) of subsection (l) with respect to the implementation of any mitigation agreement or condition described in paragraph (1)(A) of such subsection or any material change in circumstances shall be accompanied by a written statement by the chief executive officer or the designee of the person required to submit such notice or report certifying that, to the best of the person’s knowledge and belief— 
(1)the notice or report submitted fully complies with the requirements of this section or such regulation, agreement, or condition; and  
(2)the information so contained is accurate and complete in all material respects. .  
9.RegulationsSection 721(h) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170(h)) is amended to read as follows: 
 
(h)RegulationsThe President shall direct the issuance of regulations to carry out this section. Such regulations shall, to the extent possible, minimize paperwork burdens and shall to the extent possible coordinate reporting requirements under this section with reporting requirements under any other provision of Federal law. .  
10.Effect on other lawSection 721(i) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2170(i)) is amended to read as follows: 
 
(i)Effect on other lawNo provision of this section shall be construed as altering or affecting any other authority, process, regulation, investigation, enforcement measure, or review provided by or established under any other provision of Federal law, including the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, or any other authority of the President or the Congress under the Constitution of the United States. .  
"}

We are at location: null   Compared with location: bill[1]/endorsement[1]
The reason of change is: insertion
The value is expected to be: null But actually it is: endorsement
 Inserted paragraph content is: {" 
July 17, 2006 
Reported from the Committee on Energy and Commerce with an amendment 
July 17, 2006 
Committee on International Relations discharged; committed to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed"}

